Q1. What are the four main factors that a solutions architect should consider when they must choose a Region?
Ans: Latency, price, service availability, and compliance

Q2. True or False: Every action a user takes in AWS is an API call.
Ans: True

Q3. Which statement BEST describes the relationship between Regions, Availability Zones and data centers?
Ans: Regions are clusters of Availability Zones. Availability Zones are clusters of data centers.

Q4: Which of the following is a benefit of cloud computing?
Ans: Go global in minutes.

Q5: A company wants to manage AWS services by using the command line and automating them with scripts. What should the company use to accomplish this goal?
Ans: AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)

Q6: What is a best practice when securing the AWS account root user?
Ans: Enable multi-factor authentication

Q7: A solutions architect is consulting for a company. When users in the company authenticate to a corporate network, they want to be able to use AWS without needing to sign in again. Which AWS identity should the solutions architect recommend for this use case?
Ans: IAM Role

Q8: Which of the following can be found in an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy?
Ans: A and B

Q9: True or False: AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies can restrict the actions of the AWS account root user.
Ans: False

Q10: According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is the responsibility of AWS?
Ans: Managing the hardware, software, and networking components that run AWS services, such as the physical servers, host operating systems, virtualization layers, and AWS networking components.

Q11: Which of the following is recommended if a company has a single AWS account, and multiple people who work with AWS services in that account?
Ans: The company should create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) group, grant the group permissions to perform specific job functions, and assign users to a group, or use IAM roles.

Q12: True or False: According to the AWS shared responsibility model, a customer is responsible for security in the cloud.
Ans: True

Q13: Which of the following provides temporary credentials (that expire after a defined period of time) to AWS services?
Ans: IAM role


Q14: A user is hosting a solution on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2). Which networking component is needed to create a private network for their AWS resources?
Ans: Virtual private cloud (VPC)